# The Election

It is funny to me how the last 4 years or so have completely broken my brain. I had such conviction about how the 2016 election would go, but looking back it was for almost no good reason other than everything I read at the time told me how things would happen. After the results of that night, I spent a long time trying to make sense of what I had seen. I spent time as a Russia truther, zealously believing that you couldn’t trust outlets like RT because they were financed by Putin’s regime, and therefore responsible for ‘Fake News’ in the original, Democratic Party, sense. I followed the ins and outs of various ‘new’ Russia-related conspiracy-scandals, ensuring I knew the names of various intel assets and esoteric regulations about foreign influence and dealing. I convinced myself that if only there were a Democratic Congress, they’d use their investigation and the resultant materials to impeach the Big Bad Guy, and return the country to an even keel. 2018 came, a Democratic majority took power in the House, and as they gathered the reins, I felt maybe some glimmer of hope about the direction of the state of politics in this country. Pelosi, surely the ‘Master of No’ in respect to Bush from 2006-8, would be the competent, calculating, clever leader we had sorely been needing to engineer the takedown of this Orange Cheeto in the White House!

Ah, to have been so naive.

As 2019 passed us by, and the House did almost nothing to limit the actions of Trump in any meaningful way, I came to understand that Pelosi and the Democrats had no intention of truly acting as a check on the power of the Presidency, even when that power was in the hands of someone they claimed was their most hated enemy. To act as a check would be to admit they consider the Congress an equal branch, capable of exerting restraint on the Executive. Rather, they’d prefer to enshrine unchecked authority in the hands of the executive, as long as that person was someone on their side. They don’t see the weaponizing of Executive Orders as a bug in the system, but a feature. These ghouls want to be able to rearrange the deck chairs on the Titanic every time they swap the office, so it gives them something to fundraise against, while changing nothing about the underlying structure.

With 2020’s general election barely behind us, it seems clear to me in a few respects that “moderates” must be purged, or at least pushed away from the levers of power in the Democratic party, if we are to survive the myriad crises queued up on the horizon. The Democrats cannot take advice from their closest enemies (the idiotic _Lincoln Project_ springs to mind) about how to execute a plan of action going forward. Right-wingers do not have the best interest of any of the left at heart, and will not provide advice that is likely to do anything but win approval on the DC Cocktail Circuit Court, of which sane legislators should not give a fuck about. The “moderates” and House-elected CIA agents are already making unverified claims that “leftist policies” sabotaged their 2020 races and lost them ground in the general. They seem incapable of understanding that the Democrats ran on a platform of “Biden is Not Trump”, and people do not get excited about voting _against_ a thing, but rather **_for_** a thing.

This next 4 year stretch is going to be one of the most critical of my life, as we struggle to find a way to push the decaying corpse of the Democratic party in a direction that will improve the lot of the worker, and maybe have a side-effect of winning elections independent of economic (the impending corona-collapse) or social (the 250,000 deaths on the hands of every sitting member of government now) conditions. Biden will be president, and that’s as a result of the people who have been marginalized their entire lives feeling like the last bit of awful that was Trump had to go. The Democrats cannot take that support for granted, and they cannot expect to do nothing and reap those benefits again. They are in the most precarious position they might have ever been, teetering on the knife’s edge of success or failure, and will only have themselves to blame for it from here on out.

The Left in this country should consider itself to only be getting started with the work of saving ourselves from ourselves, and not spend too long celebrating.
