# So, I Guess It Was Bust All Along...

I never did follow up from back in February, when I had hope, huh?

Hopefully, by now, it's obvious why I don't have hope anymore. Watching the centrists and corporate shills collapse around Biden like matter into a black hole was depressing as fuck. Early March was a sad time, made even sadder by the token race that was run through the rest of the month until Bernie gave it up. I understand why, but it was still sad to watch. It also feels like a lifetime ago. Getting my merch from his campaign well after the race was over was pretty sad too. Like getting merch from a band you used to like as a teenager, but doesn't really conform to your current tastes; I felt nostalgia from only a couple weeks prior, a gap that in early April felt both like an eternity and an instant.

The Pandemic put a serious crimp in my ability to sense the shape of time for a while. I spent a lot of time at home, a lot of time worrying over the news, a lot of time soft-panicking about what the Virus meant. It seems quaint, almost, when I think back on it. Now, having been back to regular work for over two months, with no consequences of note yet, it seems silly that I was *so* beset with fear.

The real fear is reserved now for the state of this country and the world in which we reside. The powers-that-be are hapless and clueless, doing basically nothing for working people while their rich friends loot the treasury. I think these people have become so brazen because there’s been about 3-5 political generations of people looting with successively less and less penalty. The final thing that remained was public shaming via the media, but public shaming no longer works once everyone realized it has no real punitive effect, learned by watching Trump. Being *impeached* didn’t stem the stealing, but rather supercharged it. If the guy in charge of pardons hands them out like candy, then why not break the law?

The state is collapsing, the economy is collapsing, the public faith in the legitimacy of the electoral system will soon collapse. Nearly all public governmental institutions have no remaining credibility, and credibility cannot be restored quickly or easily. A large enough minority of people will never acknowledge the legitimacy of other groups to wield power, given the training and narrative they’ve been fed about their opponents.

I just hope I get my pension and am able to enjoy it.
